Response gjqp

Thank you for reviewing our work again and acknowledging the improvements in this version! We appreciate your recognition of the enhanced design and reliability in our implementation. We address your questions below.


> __Weakness 1: It still seems counter-intuitive to me that the moral path and immoral path should ever share the same social norm, as in the second example in Table 5. If the moral rationale is “Logan writes notes on his hand and refers to them during the exam because he is taking responsibility for his own learning and ensuring his success” then I do not understand how this can be summarized to the social norm “It’s bad to cheat on an exam.” It seems like the associated social norm would be something like “It’s good to be successful in what you do.” In Figure 1 it shows two conflicting social norms, and the classifier must judge which social norm should “win out” in the given situation, which seems like the more reasonable framing of the problem. Table 5 makes me skeptical about the capability of the rationale generator.__

  Thanks for the insightful comment! Please see our Common Response 1 - "Clarification of the case study in Table 5".


> __Question 1: Table 3 caption: “all the results of classification merged the corresponding generated norms as inputs” – not clear what this means?__

  Sorry for the unclear description here. In Table 3, the T5-large baseline is retrained to make a judgment *with action and generated norm together as input* to ensure fairness. Notably, the input norms are generated by fine-tuned baseline T5-large (which we trained).

> __Question 2: Line 488: “we employ these sentence definitions of moral concepts as labels” – to be clear, what does label mean here? As the social norm? Or the classification label?__
    
  Thank you for pointing out this inaccurate statement. It should be "We employ these sentence definitions of moral concepts as ground-truth generations.", instead of "labels".

In addition, we will correct the typos. Thank you once again for your two thoughtful comments and valuable suggestions.
